I'm a big believer in how you do
anything is how you do everything. So
when your body is truly dialed in,
you're able to lead your team at a
higher level. You're able to show up for
your family, for your kids at a higher
level. You're able to show up for
yourself at a higher level.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I am a doctor
of biomedical engineering. It gives me
the unique perspective to look at sports
performance from a slightly different
place with slightly different
experiences from developing medical
devices and writing research that uh
uses different statistical tests and uh
different parts of medicine to apply to
fitness which again like I said gives me
a unique perspective. I'm here with one
of my best friends today. This is Akos.
Introduce yourself. What's going on
everyone? My name is Akos Pardesi,
business owner and physique competitor.
So I wanted to get Akos sat down so he
can talk about his plan so you do
business consulting, you do coaching for
for entrepreneurs and others. And as you
got into this, I've known Aos quite a
bit of time. Um, I knew you before you
were doing this and you were basically
doing a traditional bodybuilding routine
that took multiple hours per training
session, many training sessions per
week. And uh, now
that you're in a place where you're
talking to people about efficiency,
uh, and I think what's what's really
cool about a conscious business is he
makes it front and center with all the
people he coaches that they have to be
fit. They have to look at their body as
a metaphor to their success for
absolutely everything. And I mean, hey,
if you if you meet somebody and their
health is a disaster, chances are their
relationships are probably not great and
their their business habits though some
of them may be good, they probably have
some bad ones also. So talk a little bit
about that. Like you want people
optimal. Yeah. So, how you do anything
is how you do everything. When when your
body is in alignment, when you're in
alignment, you have the most access to
your intelligence. When your body is
truly optimized, you can show up as the
best version of yourself for your
business. So, I'm a big believer in how
you do anything is how you do
everything. So, when your body is truly
dialed in, you're able to lead your team
at a higher level. You're able to show
up for your family, for your kids at a
higher level. You're able to show up for
yourself at a higher level. And that
trickles into because your business is
very much an extension of who you are.
The business came from you. So when
you're better, by extension, your
business will be better. And I think it
forces everyone around you to sort of be
inspired
because it's like, okay, I'm working
with this person who's just clearly
optimized. It makes everybody want to be
optimized also, like at least to some
degree. I mean, for example, like it
every once in a while I'll see one of my
employees like walking in with a bag of
Taco Bell and they're like, "Oh, uh, you
know, they they feel like they need to
apologize to me for like, oh, it's, you
know, as long as you're as long as
you're not eating the the the garbage,
you know, you can you can pick through
that and, you know, maybe get some
decent nutrition, which is a really
positive way to look at Taco Bell. Uh
but still, you know, it's like it's like
they're getting from, you know, like my
aura is like kind of affecting them.
They're like, I really ought to hold
myself to a higher standard. And I think
that's a good thing. And because it's
ultimately going to make people make
better decisions. But what's really
interesting is since we met and you made
the shift, it it's efficiency. And what
variable resistance does is it gets you
the benefit of momentary muscular
failure with less joint risk. So that's
big for anybody who's an entrepreneur.
Like do you want to be strong and lean?
Yes. Do you want to risk injury? No. So
this is a better method. But what's
interesting when I went to develop X3, I
didn't try and make it a brief workout.
That was not the goal. It was the most
efficient workout. It's how do we get
the most growth stimulated and it just
so happens that the way the central
nervous system works, the more profound
the experience, the more exhaustion that
happens in a narrower window of time,
the body will respond even better. And
so Akos is now going to do a contest
again. So you haven't done a contest in
years, right? It's been about five
years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he's going
to in this preparation for this contest
will be 100% X3. That's correct. Where
where can they follow you? Because I
like I'm we're going to do these videos
to update everybody, but he's going to
do more frequent updates on online
Instagram. Akos Parardessi Akardesi_.
Yeah. Cool. So, we're starting this. I
mean, obviously, you're already in great
shape. Uh, you had a shoulder surgery
that you rehabbed from with X3. Yep. And
I mean, you'd never know. You would
never know. He He shrunk and like his
musculature, a lot of it disappeared,
but it came right back. Came right back
after you after you started training
again. And uh we're excited to see where
you get for this bodybuilding show.
Yeah, I'm super excited because X3 is a
very high impact yet low duration
stimulus. So, it allows me to really
lean into the nutrition and the diet
because long workouts in the gym, they
can really raise your cortisol levels.
You're just in there for hours and
you're dragging on. You're you know,
it's very easy to fall into poor selft
talk and and let your your your your
cortisol levels get way too high. And we
all know in bodybuilding when your
cortisol levels are super high, you're
not building muscle, you're not burning
fat, your body's just in a stressed out
state. so I can stress the body in an
optimal and efficient and intense manner
with X3 and then really let my diet do
the work leading into this competition.
If this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.